update troubleshooting on mac (#3701)
mattermost/docs: source/install/desktop.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    
    The app data might be corrupted - remove all the files in ``%LOCALAPPDATA%\mattermost``, then try re-installing the app.
    
"The application "Mattermost" can't be opened" dialog
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

>     On MacOs Catalina, this dialog can be triggered if using the default Mac Archive Utility. Using a third party arhchive tool like [Keka](https://www.keka.io/) or [Unarchiver](https://macpaw.com/the-unarchiver) fixes the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On macOS Catalina, this dialog can be triggered if the Mac Archive Utility is the default method for decompressing files. In this case using a third-party tool such as [Keka](https://www.keka.io/) or [Unarchiver](https://macpaw.com/the-unarchiver) can resolve the problem.
```

>    On macOS Catalina, this dialog can be triggered if the Mac Archive Utility is the default method for decompressing files. In this case using a third-party tool such as [Keka](https://www.keka.io/) or [Unarchiver](https://macpaw.com/the-unarchiver) can resolve the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On macOS Catalina, this dialog can be triggered if the Mac Archive Utility is the default method for decompressing files. In this case using a third-party tool such as [Keka](https://www.keka.io/) or [Unarchiver](https://macpaw.com/the-unarchiver) may resolve the problem.
```
